-----> LIST <-----

1. Program to declare and print a list
2. program to print list elements in different ways
3. Program for Adding, removing elements in the list
4. Program to print a list using 'FOR and IN' loop
5. Program to add an element at specified index in a list
6. Program to remove first occurrence of a given element in the list
7. Remove all occurrences a given element from the list
8. Program to remove all elements in a range from the List
9. Program to sort the elements of given list in Ascending and Descending Order
10. Program to find the differences of two lists

-----> TUPLE <-----
 1.Python program to find the size of a tuple
2.Python program for adding a Tuple to List and Vice-Versa
3.Python program to find the maximum and minimum K elements in a tuple
4.Python program to create a list of tuples from given list having number and its cube in each tuple
5.Python program to remove all tuples of length K
6.Python program to extract digits from tuple list
7.Python program to find all pairs combination of two tuples
8.Python program to join tuples if similar initial element
9.Python program to sort a list of tuples by second item
10.Python program to sort a list of tuples in increasing order by the last element in each tuple

-----> DICT <-----
 1.Python program to create an empty dictionary
2.Python program to create a dictionary using dict() function
3.Python program to create a dictionary from a sequence
4.Python program to create a dictionary with integer keys, and print the keys, values & key-value pairs
5.Python program to create a dictionary with mixed keys, and print the keys, values & key-value pairs
6.Python | Generate dictionary of numbers and their squares (i, i*i) from 1 to N
7.Python program to search student record stored using Dictionary
8.Python program for accessing elements from a dictionary
9.Python program for accessing elements from a nested dictionary
10.Python program for adding elements to a dictionary

-----> SET <-----
 Find the size of a Set in Python
- Iterate over a set in Python
- Python – Maximum and Minimum in a Set
- Python – Remove items from Set
- Python – Check if two lists have at-least one element common
- Python program to find common elements in three lists using sets
- Python – Find missing and additional values in two lists
- Python program to find the difference between two lists
- Python Set difference to find lost element from a duplicated array
- Python program to count number of vowels using sets in given string